FF118 RTCRtpTransceiver directions include stopped option (#28996)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcpeerconnection/addtrack/index.md

> This method may return either a new `RTCRtpSender` or, under very specific

Reviewer: The "not used to transmit data" bit is used twice, do you think we can rephrase this para:

```md
This method returns a new `RTCRtpSender` or an existing instance for reuse.
An `RTCRtpSender` instance is compatible for reuse if it meets the following criteria:
```

Author: Yes, I like that  a lot more. Thanks.

  the `track` parameter specified when calling
  `RTCPeerConnection.addTrack()`. This ensures that a transceiver only
  handles audio or video and never both.
- The {{domxref("RTCRtpTransceiver.currentDirection")}} property is not `"stopped"`.
- The `RTCRtpSender` being considered has never been used to send data.
  If the transceiver's {{domxref("RTCRtpTransceiver.currentDirection", "currentDirection")}} has ever been `"sendrecv"` or `"sendonly"`, the sender can't be reused.

If all of those criteria are met, the sender gets reused, which results in these changes occurring to the existing `RTCRtpSender` and its `RTCRtpTransceiver`:

- The `RTCRtpSender`'s {{domxref("RTCRtpSender.track", "track")}} is set to
  the specified track.
- The sender's set of associated streams is set to the list of streams passed into
  this method, `stream...`.

> - The associated {{domxref("RTCRtpTransceiver")}} has its `currentDirection` updated to include sending;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The associated {{domxref("RTCRtpTransceiver")}} has its `currentDirection` updated to indicate it is sending;
```

Reviewer: or "to indicate that it is sending", maybe

Author: Thanks. Modifying to " "to indicate that it is sending"".

> Also it looks like we can link to /web/api/rtcrtptransceiver/currentdirection/index.md where we describe recvonly, sendrecv etc.

We could link, but I'm not afraid of the duplication, in particular when it was duplicated in the first place.
